Ha, you really have backbone.
This money
You can't make money selling barbecues for a lifetime
I'll give it to you now, don't regret it.
Come back to entangle then
I still don't like this money
If I want to spend money
Longteng's funds
Transfer with me hahaha
Move as you like
Why don't you say that my brother also listens to your instructions?
Of course if I let him go east
He dared not go west
Oops before you said that
Did you look in your mirror?
What kind of stuff?
My brother's taste is not so bad
To tell you the truth
Ran Ran can win this and sign a contract
I've been saying it twice next to my brother
What is it?
Return to you
Why treat me with respect?
Oh, dear.
Poet, you even follow your own mother
Don't care about getting married?
So what?
He said it himself
OK
That's so great!
The letters have been cut
Get out of my house
Why are we going?
I don't want this either.
And so forth.
The warm moon your dad left for you
Give it back to me you don't deserve it